Poor Things (2 hr 21 min): The incredible tale and fantastical evolution of Bella Baxter, a young woman brought back to life by the brilliant and unorthodox scientist Dr. Godwin Baxter. Comedy, Drama, Romance film released in 2023. Directed by Yorgos Lanthimos. Written by Tony McNamara. Starring Emma Stone, Mark Ruffalo and Willem Dafoe. Rated 7.8 on IMDB

Killers of the Flower Moon (3 hr 26 min): Members of the Osage Nation in Oklahoma are murdered under mysterious circumstances in the 1920s, sparking a major FBI investigation involving Ernest Burkhart and his uncle William Hale. Crime, Drama, History film released in 2023. Directed by Martin Scorsese. Written by Eric Roth and Martin Scorsese. Starring Leonardo DiCaprio, Lily Gladstone and Robert De Niro. Rated 7.6 on IMDB

Past Lives (1 hr 46 min): Nora and Hae Sung, two deeply connected childhood friends, are separated when Nora's family emigrates from South Korea. Twenty years later, they are reunited for one fateful week as they confront destiny, love and the choices that make a life. Drama, Romance film released in 2023. Directed by Celine Song. Written by Celine Song. Starring Greta Lee, Teo Yoo and John Magaro. Rated 7.8 on IMDB

The Holdovers (2 hr 13 min): A cranky history teacher at a remote prep school is forced to remain on campus over the holidays with a handful of students who have nowhere to go. Comedy, Drama film released in 2023. Directed by Alexander Payne. Written by David Hemingson. Starring Paul Giamatti, Da'Vine Joy Randolph and Dominic Sessa. Rated 7.9 on IMDB

Godzilla Minus One (2 hr 4 min): Post-war Japan is at its lowest point when a new crisis emerges in the form of a giant monster, baptized in the horrific fires of atomic radiation. Japanese action, drama, sci-fi film released in 2023. Directed by Takashi Yamazaki. Written by Takashi Yamazaki. Starring Ryunosuke Kamiki, Minami Hamabe and Yuki Yamada. Rated 7.7 on IMDB

The Zone of Interest (1 hr 45 min): The commandant of Auschwitz, Rudolf Hoss, and his wife Hedwig strive to build a dream life for their family in a house and garden next to the camp. Drama, History, War film released in 2023. Directed by Jonathan Glazer. Written by Jonathan Glazer. Starring Christian Friedel, Sandra Huller and Johann Karthaus. Rated 7.3 on IMDB

Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 (2 hr 30 min): Still reeling from the loss of Gamora, Peter Quill rallies his team to defend the universe and one of their own, a mission that could mean the end of the Guardians if not successful. Action, Adventure, Comedy film released in 2023. Directed by James Gunn. Written by James Gunn. Starring Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana and Dave Bautista. Rated 7.9 on IMDB

Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part One (2 hr 43 min): Ethan Hunt and his IMF team must track down a terrifying new weapon that threatens all of humanity before it falls into the wrong hands. Action, Adventure, Thriller film released in 2023. Directed by Christopher McQuarrie. Written by Christopher McQuarrie and Erik Jendresen. Starring Tom Cruise, Hayley Atwell and Ving Rhames. Rated 7.7 on IMDB

Jawan (2 hr 49 min): A prison warden recruits inmates to blackmail corrupt officials and fight for the wronged while confronting a dark secret from his past. Bollywood action, thriller film released in 2023. Directed by Atlee. Written by Atlee and Sumit Arora. Starring Shah Rukh Khan, Nayanthara and Vijay Sethupathi. Rated 7.0 on IMDB

Animal (3 hr 21 min): The hardened son of a powerful industrialist becomes obsessively protective of his father and goes to extreme lengths when an attempt is made on his life. Bollywood action, crime, drama film released in 2023. Directed by Sandeep Reddy Vanga. Written by Sandeep Reddy Vanga, Saurabh Gupta and Pranay Reddy Vanga. Starring Ranbir Kapoor, Anil Kapoor and Bobby Deol. Rated 6.0 on IMDB

12th Fail (2 hr 27 min): The real-life story of IPS officer Manoj Kumar Sharma, who overcomes poverty and repeated failure in his board exams to crack one of the toughest competitive exams in India. Bollywood biography, drama film released in 2023. Directed by Vidhu Vinod Chopra. Written by Vidhu Vinod Chopra, Jaskunwar Kohli and Anurag Pathak. Starring Vikrant Massey, Medha Shankar and Anant Joshi. Rated 8.9 on IMDB

Dune: Part Two (2 hr 46 min): Paul Atreides unites with Chani and the Fremen while seeking revenge against the conspirators who destroyed his family, facing a choice between the love of his life and the fate of the known universe. Action, Adventure, Drama film released in 2024. Directed by Denis Villeneuve. Written by Denis Villeneuve and Jon Spaihts. Starring Timothee Chalamet, Zendaya and Rebecca Ferguson. Rated 8.5 on IMDB

Deadpool & Wolverine (2 hr 8 min): A listless Wade Wilson toils away in civilian life until his days as the morally flexible mercenary Deadpool are called back when the TVA recruits him for a mission that will change the MCU forever. Action, Comedy, Sci-Fi film released in 2024. Directed by Shawn Levy. Written by Ryan Reynolds, Rhett Reese, Paul Wernick, Zeb Wells and Shawn Levy. Starring Ryan Reynolds, Hugh Jackman and Emma Corrin. Rated 7.6 on IMDB

Inside Out 2 (1 hr 36 min): Riley enters her teenage years and Headquarters is suddenly demolished to make room for something unexpected: new emotions like Anxiety, who arrives with Envy, Ennui and Embarrassment. Animation, Adventure, Comedy film released in 2024. Directed by Kelsey Mann. Written by Meg LeFauve and Dave Holstein. Starring Amy Poehler, Maya Hawke and Kensington Tallman. Rated 7.6 on IMDB

Joker: Folie a Deux (2 hr 18 min): Arthur Fleck is institutionalized at Arkham awaiting trial for his crimes as Joker, while struggling with his dual identity and stumbling upon true love and music. Crime, Drama, Musical film released in 2024. Directed by Todd Phillips. Written by Todd Phillips and Scott Silver. Starring Joaquin Phoenix, Lady Gaga and Brendan Gleeson. Rated 5.2 on IMDB

Gladiator II (2 hr 28 min): Years after witnessing the death of the revered hero Maximus, Lucius is forced to enter the Colosseum after his home is conquered by tyrannical emperors who now lead Rome with an iron fist. Action, Adventure, Drama film released in 2024. Directed by Ridley Scott. Written by David Scarpa. Starring Paul Mescal, Pedro Pascal and Denzel Washington. Rated 6.6 on IMDB

Wicked (2 hr 40 min): Elphaba, a young woman ridiculed for her green skin, and Galinda, a popular girl, become friends at Shiz University in the Land of Oz and their friendship is tested by their differing views of the Wizard. Drama, Fantasy, Musical film released in 2024. Directed by Jon M. Chu. Written by Winnie Holzman and Dana Fox. Starring Cynthia Erivo, Ariana Grande and Jonathan Bailey. Rated 7.4 on IMDB

Moana 2 (1 hr 40 min): After receiving an unexpected call from her wayfinding ancestors, Moana journeys alongside Maui and a new crew to the far seas of Oceania and into dangerous, long-lost waters for an adventure unlike anything she has ever faced. Animation, Adventure, Comedy film released in 2024. Directed by David G. Derrick Jr., Jason Hand and Dana Ledoux Miller. Written by Jared Bush and Dana Ledoux Miller. Starring Aulii Cravalho, Dwayne Johnson and Hualalai Chung. Rated 6.8 on IMDB

Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga (2 hr 28 min): As the world fell, young Furiosa is snatched from the Green Place of Many Mothers and falls into the hands of a great Biker Horde led by the Warlord Dementus, then must survive many trials to find her way home. Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi film released in 2024. Directed by George Miller. Written by George Miller and Nick Lathouris. Starring Anya Taylor-Joy, Chris Hemsworth and Tom Burke. Rated 7.5 on IMDB

Alien: Romulus (1 hr 59 min): While scavenging the deep ends of a derelict space station, a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the most terrifying life form in the universe. Horror, Sci-Fi film released in 2024. Directed by Fede Alvarez. Written by Fede Alvarez and Rodo Sayagues. Starring Cailee Spaeny, David Jonsson and Archie Renaux. Rated 7.2 on IMDB

A Quiet Place: Day One (1 hr 39 min): Experience the day the world went quiet, as a woman named Sam fights to survive in New York City when alien creatures with hypersensitive hearing invade. Horror, Sci-Fi, Thriller film released in 2024. Directed by Michael Sarnoski. Written by Michael Sarnoski. Starring Lupita Nyong'o, Joseph Quinn and Alex Wolff. Rated 6.5 on IMDB

Godzilla x Kong: The New Empire (1 hr 55 min): Two ancient titans clash in an epic battle as Godzilla and Kong join forces against a colossal undiscovered threat hidden within our world. Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi film released in 2024. Directed by Adam Wingard. Written by Terry Rossio, Simon Barrett and Jeremy Slater. Starring Rebecca Hall, Brian Tyree Henry and Dan Stevens. Rated 5.9 on IMDB

Kung Fu Panda 4 (1 hr 34 min): Po is chosen to become the Spiritual Leader of the Valley of Peace and needs to find and train a successor while facing a shape-shifting sorceress called the Chameleon. Animation, Action, Adventure film released in 2024. Directed by Mike Mitchell. Written by Jonathan Aibel and Glenn Berger. Starring Jack Black, Awkwafina and Viola Davis. Rated 6.3 on IMDB

Despicable Me 4 (1 hr 34 min): Gru and Lucy and their girls welcome a new member to the Gru family, Gru Jr., who is intent on tormenting his dad, while Gru faces a new nemesis in Maxime Le Mal. Animation, Comedy, Family film released in 2024. Directed by Chris Renaud. Written by Mike White and Ken Daurio. Starring Steve Carell, Kristen Wiig and Will Ferrell. Rated 5.9 on IMDB

Twisters (2 hr 2 min): As storm season intensifies, former storm chaser Kate Carter is lured back to the open plains of Oklahoma where she crosses paths with Tyler Owens, a charming and reckless social media superstar. Action, Adventure, Thriller film released in 2024. Directed by Lee Isaac Chung. Written by Mark L. Smith. Starring Daisy Edgar-Jones, Glen Powell and Anthony Ramos. Rated 6.5 on IMDB

Civil War (1 hr 49 min): In a near-future America torn apart by a second civil war, a team of journalists travels across the country toward Washington D.C. to interview the President before rebel forces reach the capital. Action, Drama, Thriller film released in 2024. Directed by Alex Garland. Written by Alex Garland. Starring Kirsten Dunst, Wagner Moura and Cailee Spaeny. Rated 7.0 on IMDB

The Substance (2 hr 21 min): A fading celebrity decides to use a black market drug, a cell-replicating substance that temporarily creates a younger, better version of herself. Horror, Drama, Sci-Fi film released in 2024. Directed by Coralie Fargeat. Written by Coralie Fargeat. Starring Demi Moore, Margaret Qualley and Dennis Quaid. Rated 7.3 on IMDB

Anora (2 hr 19 min): A young sex worker from Brooklyn gets her chance at a Cinderella story when she meets and impulsively marries the son of an oligarch, but the couple's fairy tale is threatened when his parents set out to get the marriage annulled. Comedy, Drama, Romance film released in 2024. Directed by Sean Baker. Written by Sean Baker. Starring Mikey Madison, Mark Eydelshteyn and Yura Borisov. Rated 7.4 on IMDB

The Brutalist (3 hr 35 min): Escaping post-war Europe, visionary architect Laszlo Toth arrives in America to rebuild his life, his work and his marriage to his wife Erzsebet after being forced apart during the war. Drama, History film released in 2024. Directed by Brady Corbet. Written by Brady Corbet and Mona Fastvold. Starring Adrien Brody, Felicity Jones and Guy Pearce. Rated 7.4 on IMDB

Conclave (2 hr): One of the world's most secretive and ancient events is under way as Cardinal Lawrence is tasked with leading the selection of a new pope, uncovering a trail of secrets that could shake the foundation of the Catholic Church. Drama, Mystery, Thriller film released in 2024. Directed by Edward Berger. Written by Peter Straughan. Starring Ralph Fiennes, Stanley Tucci and John Lithgow. Rated 7.4 on IMDB

Challengers (2 hr 11 min): Tashi, a former tennis prodigy turned coach, transforms her husband into a champion, but his path to redemption puts him face to face against his former best friend and Tashi's former lover. Drama, Romance, Sport film released in 2024. Directed by Luca Guadagnino. Written by Justin Kuritzkes. Starring Zendaya, Mike Faist and Josh O'Connor. Rated 7.3 on IMDB

A Complete Unknown (2 hr 21 min): In 1960s New York, a 19-year-old Minnesota musician, Bob Dylan, forges relationships with music icons of the folk scene on his meteoric rise, culminating in a groundbreaking electric performance at the 1965 Newport Folk Festival. Biography, Drama, Music film released in 2024. Directed by James Mangold. Written by James Mangold and Jay Cocks. Starring Timothee Chalamet, Edward Norton and Elle Fanning. Rated 7.3 on IMDB

Nosferatu (2 hr 12 min): A gothic tale of obsession between a haunted young woman and the ancient Transylvanian vampire who has become fixated on her, bringing untold horror in his wake. Fantasy, Horror film released in 2024. Directed by Robert Eggers. Written by Robert Eggers. Starring Bill Skarsgard, Nicholas Hoult and Lily-Rose Depp. Rated 7.2 on IMDB

Sing Sing (1 hr 47 min): Divine G, imprisoned for a crime he did not commit, finds purpose by acting in a theatre group alongside other incarcerated men at Sing Sing maximum security prison. Drama film released in 2024. Directed by Greg Kwedar. Written by Greg Kwedar and Clint Bentley. Starring Colman Domingo, Clarence Maclin and Sean San Jose. Rated 7.6 on IMDB

Emilia Perez (2 hr 12 min): A Mexican lawyer is hired by a cartel leader who wants to disappear and live as the woman he has always felt himself to be. French-language crime, drama, musical film released in 2024. Directed by Jacques Audiard. Written by Jacques Audiard. Starring Karla Sofia Gascon, Zoe Saldana and Selena Gomez. Rated 5.4 on IMDB

The Wild Robot (1 hr 42 min): After a shipwreck, an intelligent robot called Roz is stranded on an uninhabited island and must learn to adapt to the harsh surroundings, gradually building relationships with the animals and becoming the adoptive parent of an orphaned gosling. Animation, Adventure, Family film released in 2024. Directed by Chris Sanders. Written by Chris Sanders. Starring Lupita Nyong'o, Pedro Pascal and Kit Connor. Rated 8.2 on IMDB

Kalki 2898 AD (2 hr 56 min): In a dystopian future, a modern avatar of Vishnu is believed to have descended to save the world as the last remaining city Kasi faces tyranny under Supreme Yaskin. South Indian sci-fi, action film released in 2024. Directed by Nag Ashwin. Written by Nag Ashwin. Starring Prabhas, Amitabh Bachchan and Kamal Haasan. Rated 6.8 on IMDB

Pushpa 2: The Rule (3 hr 20 min): Pushpa Raj, now the kingpin of the red sandalwood smuggling syndicate, faces fresh enemies and threats while protecting his empire and family. South Indian action, crime, drama film released in 2024. Directed by Sukumar. Written by Sukumar. Starring Allu Arjun, Rashmika Mandanna and Fahadh Faasil. Rated 6.1 on IMDB

Stree 2 (2 hr 15 min): The residents of Chanderi are once again haunted by a new headless entity, Sarkata, who abducts modern women, and Vicky and his friends must stop it. Bollywood horror, comedy film released in 2024. Directed by Amar Kaushik. Written by Niren Bhatt. Starring Rajkummar Rao, Shraddha Kapoor and Pankaj Tripathi. Rated 7.5 on IMDB

Maharaja (2 hr 21 min): A barber files a police complaint about the theft of his dustbin, and an increasingly twisted game of revenge slowly unravels his true motives. South Indian action, crime, thriller film released in 2024. Directed by Nithilan Swaminathan. Written by Nithilan Swaminathan. Starring Vijay Sethupathi, Anurag Kashyap and Mamta Mohandas. Rated 8.4 on IMDB

Laapataa Ladies (2 hr 2 min): Two young brides get accidentally swapped on a crowded train in rural India in 2001, leading to a series of comic and poignant events. Bollywood comedy, drama film released in 2024. Directed by Kiran Rao. Written by Biplab Goswami. Starring Nitanshi Goel, Pratibha Ranta and Sparsh Shrivastava. Rated 8.3 on IMDB

Manjummel Boys (2 hr 15 min): A group of friends from Kochi on a trip to Kodaikanal face a life-or-death rescue when one of them falls into the dangerous Guna Caves. Malayalam survival, thriller film released in 2024. Directed by Chidambaram. Written by Chidambaram. Starring Soubin Shahir, Sreenath Bhasi and Balu Varghese. Rated 8.2 on IMDB

The Greatest of All Time (2 hr 59 min): A special anti-terrorism squad officer is forced to confront his past when a mysterious figure from his history re-emerges and threatens everything he loves. Tamil action, sci-fi, thriller film released in 2024. Directed by Venkat Prabhu. Written by Venkat Prabhu. Starring Vijay, Prashanth and Prabhu Deva. Rated 5.7 on IMDB

Devara: Part 1 (2 hr 56 min): A fearless man from a coastal region takes on the role of protector for his people and stands against ruthless smugglers who threaten the sea. Telugu action, drama film released in 2024. Directed by Koratala Siva. Written by Koratala Siva. Starring N. T. Rama Rao Jr., Saif Ali Khan and Janhvi Kapoor. Rated 5.7 on IMDB

Fighter (2 hr 46 min): Top aviators of the Indian Air Force come together in an elite unit called Air Dragons and face a deadly enemy in a high-stakes aerial mission. Bollywood action, thriller film released in 2024. Directed by Siddharth Anand. Written by Siddharth Anand, Ramon Chibb and Aamil Keeyan Khan. Starring Hrithik Roshan, Deepika Padukone and Anil Kapoor. Rated 6.4 on IMDB

Amaran (2 hr 48 min): The story of Major Mukund Varadarajan, an Indian Army officer who sacrificed his life in the line of duty during a counter-terrorism operation in Kashmir, and his love story with his wife Indhu. Tamil biography, action, drama film released in 2024. Directed by Rajkumar Periasamy. Written by Rajkumar Periasamy. Starring Sivakarthikeyan, Sai Pallavi and Rahul Bose. Rated 8.0 on IMDB

The Fall Guy (2 hr 6 min): Fresh off an almost career-ending accident, stuntman Colt Seavers is working on a movie being directed by his ex, Jody Moreno, when the film's star disappears and Colt is thrust into a conspiracy. Action, Comedy, Drama film released in 2024. Directed by David Leitch. Written by Drew Pearce. Starring Ryan Gosling, Emily Blunt and Aaron Taylor-Johnson. Rated 6.9 on IMDB

Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes (2 hr 25 min): Many years after the reign of Caesar, a young ape goes on a journey that will lead him to question everything he has been taught about the past and make choices that will define a future for apes and humans alike. Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi film released in 2024. Directed by Wes Ball. Written by Josh Friedman. Starring Owen Teague, Freya Allan and Kevin Durand. Rated 6.8 on IMDB

Beetlejuice Beetlejuice (1 hr 44 min): After an unexpected family tragedy, three generations of the Deetz family return home to Winter River, where Lydia's still-unresolved relationship with Beetlejuice causes trouble once again. Comedy, Fantasy, Horror film released in 2024. Directed by Tim Burton. Written by Alfred Gough, Miles Millar and Seth Grahame-Smith. Starring Michael Keaton, Winona Ryder and Jenna Ortega. Rated 6.7 on IMDB

Venom: The Last Dance (1 hr 49 min): Eddie and Venom are on the run, hunted by both of their worlds and with the net closing in, the duo are forced into a devastating decision that will bring the curtains down on Venom and Eddie's last dance. Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi film released in 2024. Directed by Kelly Marcel. Written by Kelly Marcel. Starring Tom Hardy, Chiwetel Ejiofor and Juno Temple. Rated 5.9 on IMDB

Mufasa: The Lion King (1 hr 58 min): Told in flashbacks, Rafiki relays the legend of Mufasa to young lion cub Kiara, daughter of Simba and Nala, revealing how an orphan lost and alone eventually became a king. Animation, Adventure, Drama film released in 2024. Directed by Barry Jenkins. Written by Jeff Nathanson. Starring Aaron Pierre, Kelvin Harrison Jr. and Tiffany Boone. Rated 6.5 on IMDB

Sonic the Hedgehog 3 (1 hr 50 min): Sonic, Knuckles and Tails reunite against a powerful new adversary, Shadow, a mysterious villain with powers unlike anything they have faced before. Action, Adventure, Comedy film released in 2024. Directed by Jeff Fowler. Written by Pat Casey, Josh Miller and John Whittington. Starring Ben Schwartz, Keanu Reeves and Jim Carrey. Rated 7.0 on IMDB

A Real Pain (1 hr 30 min): Mismatched cousins David and Benji reunite for a tour through Poland to honour their beloved grandmother, and their old tensions resurface amid the historical sites. Comedy, Drama film released in 2024. Directed by Jesse Eisenberg. Written by Jesse Eisenberg. Starring Jesse Eisenberg, Kieran Culkin and Will Sharpe. Rated 7.0 on IMDB

Longlegs (1 hr 41 min): FBI agent Lee Harker is assigned to an unsolved serial killer case that takes unexpected turns, revealing evidence of the occult. Crime, Horror, Mystery film released in 2024. Directed by Osgood Perkins. Written by Osgood Perkins. Starring Maika Monroe, Nicolas Cage and Blair Underwood. Rated 6.2 on IMDB

Hit Man (1 hr 55 min): A mild-mannered professor moonlighting as a fake hit man for the police finds his life changing when he falls for a client and begins to blur the line between his cover and reality. Comedy, Crime, Romance film released in 2024. Directed by Richard Linklater. Written by Richard Linklater and Glen Powell. Starring Glen Powell, Adria Arjona and Austin Amelio. Rated 6.9 on IMDB

Heretic (1 hr 51 min): Two young missionaries are forced to prove their faith when they knock on the wrong door and are greeted by a diabolical Mr. Reed, becoming ensnared in his deadly game of cat-and-mouse. Horror, Thriller film released in 2024. Directed by Scott Beck and Bryan Woods. Written by Scott Beck and Bryan Woods. Starring Hugh Grant, Sophie Thatcher and Chloe East. Rated 7.0 on IMDB

Sinners (2 hr 17 min): Trying to leave their troubled lives behind, twin brothers return to their hometown in the Mississippi Delta to start again, only to discover that an even greater evil is waiting to welcome them back. Horror, Thriller, Music film released in 2025. Directed by Ryan Coogler. Written by Ryan Coogler. Starring Michael B. Jordan, Hailee Steinfeld and Miles Caton. Rated 7.5 on IMDB

Superman (2 hr 9 min): Superman must reconcile his alien Kryptonian heritage with his human upbringing as Clark Kent, while facing off against the genius billionaire Lex Luthor. Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi film released in 2025. Directed by James Gunn. Written by James Gunn. Starring David Corenswet, Rachel Brosnahan and Nicholas Hoult. Rated 7.1 on IMDB

Mission: Impossible - The Final Reckoning (2 hr 49 min): Our lives are the sum of our choices. Tom Cruise returns as Ethan Hunt in the final chapter of the franchise as he races to stop a rogue artificial intelligence threatening the world. Action, Adventure, Thriller film released in 2025. Directed by Christopher McQuarrie. Written by Christopher McQuarrie and Erik Jendresen. Starring Tom Cruise, Hayley Atwell and Ving Rhames. Rated 6.9 on IMDB

Thunderbolts* (2 hr 6 min): After finding themselves ensnared in a death trap, an unconventional team of antiheroes must go on a dangerous mission that will force them to confront the darkest corners of their pasts. Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi film released in 2025. Directed by Jake Schreier. Written by Eric Pearson and Joanna Calo. Starring Florence Pugh, Sebastian Stan and Wyatt Russell. Rated 7.4 on IMDB

Jurassic World Rebirth (2 hr 14 min): Five years after the events of Jurassic World Dominion, an expedition braves a tropical island that houses the three most colossal prehistoric creatures to secure DNA for a life-saving medical breakthrough. Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi film released in 2025. Directed by Gareth Edwards. Written by David Koepp. Starring Scarlett Johansson, Mahershala Ali and Jonathan Bailey. Rated 6.0 on IMDB

How to Train Your Dragon (2 hr 5 min): A young Viking who aspires to hunt dragons becomes the unlikely friend of a young dragon himself, and learns there may be more to the creatures than he assumed. Live-action fantasy, adventure, family film released in 2025. Directed by Dean DeBlois. Written by Dean DeBlois. Starring Mason Thames, Nico Parker and Gerard Butler. Rated 7.8 on IMDB

Lilo & Stitch (1 hr 48 min): A lonely Hawaiian girl befriends a runaway alien who has been designed to cause destruction, and together they learn about family and belonging. Live-action comedy, family, sci-fi film released in 2025. Directed by Dean Fleischer Camp. Written by Chris Kekaniokalani Bright and Mike Van Waes. Starring Maia Kealoha, Sydney Agudong and Chris Sanders. Rated 7.0 on IMDB

F1 (2 hr 35 min): A Formula One driver comes out of retirement to mentor and team up with a younger driver at a struggling team, trying to turn its fortunes around. Action, Drama, Sport film released in 2025. Directed by Joseph Kosinski. Written by Ehren Kruger. Starring Brad Pitt, Damson Idris and Javier Bardem. Rated 7.6 on IMDB

The Fantastic Four: First Steps (1 hr 55 min): Against the vibrant backdrop of a 1960s-inspired, retro-futuristic world, Marvel's First Family is forced to balance their roles as heroes with the strength of their family bond while defending Earth from the planet-devouring Galactus. Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi film released in 2025. Directed by Matt Shakman. Written by Josh Friedman, Eric Pearson, Jeff Kaplan and Ian Springer. Starring Pedro Pascal, Vanessa Kirby and Joseph Quinn. Rated 7.1 on IMDB

Weapons (2 hr 8 min): When all but one child from the same class mysteriously vanish on the same night at exactly the same time, a community is left questioning who or what is behind their disappearance. Horror, Mystery, Thriller film released in 2025. Directed by Zach Cregger. Written by Zach Cregger. Starring Josh Brolin, Julia Garner and Alden Ehrenreich. Rated 7.5 on IMDB

KPop Demon Hunters (1 hr 35 min): When K-pop superstars are not on stage, they are demon hunters who protect their fans from supernatural threats using their secret powers. Animation, Action, Fantasy film released in 2025. Directed by Maggie Kang and Chris Appelhans. Written by Maggie Kang, Chris Appelhans, Danya Jimenez and Hannah McMechan. Starring Arden Cho, May Hong and Ji-young Yoo. Rated 7.6 on IMDB

Ballerina (2 hr 5 min): An assassin trained in the traditions of the Ruska Roma organization sets out to seek revenge after her family is murdered, in a story set during the events of John Wick: Chapter 3. Action, Crime, Thriller film released in 2025. Directed by Len Wiseman. Written by Shay Hatten. Starring Ana de Armas, Keanu Reeves and Anjelica Huston. Rated 6.5 on IMDB

Final Destination Bloodlines (1 hr 50 min): Plagued by a violent recurring nightmare, a college student returns home to find the one person who can break the cycle and save her family from the horrific fate that inevitably awaits them all. Horror, Mystery film released in 2025. Directed by Zach Lipovsky and Adam B. Stein. Written by Guy Busick and Lori Evans Taylor. Starring Kaitlyn Santa Juana, Teo Briones and Richard Harmon. Rated 6.5 on IMDB

Captain America: Brave New World (1 hr 58 min): Sam Wilson, the new Captain America, finds himself in the middle of an international incident and must discover the reason behind a nefarious global plan. Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi film released in 2025. Directed by Julius Onah. Written by Rob Edwards, Malcolm Spellman, Dalan Musson, Matthew Orton and Peter Glanz. Starring Anthony Mackie, Harrison Ford and Danny Ramirez. Rated 5.1 on IMDB

Mickey 17 (2 hr 17 min): Mickey Barnes finds himself in the extraordinary position of working for a company that sends its employees on deadly missions, using a regenerating process to bring them back to life each time. Comedy, Sci-Fi, Adventure film released in 2025. Directed by Bong Joon Ho. Written by Bong Joon Ho. Starring Robert Pattinson, Naomi Ackie and Steven Yeun. Rated 6.9 on IMDB

The Monkey (1 hr 38 min): When twin brothers find a mysterious wind-up monkey, a series of macabre deaths tear their family apart. Twenty years later, the toy begins a new killing spree. Horror, Comedy film released in 2025. Directed by Osgood Perkins. Written by Osgood Perkins. Starring Theo James, Tatiana Maslany and Christian Convery. Rated 6.0 on IMDB

Companion (1 hr 37 min): A weekend getaway at a secluded lake house takes a dark turn when a young woman discovers the truth about her relationship with her boyfriend. Horror, Sci-Fi, Thriller film released in 2025. Directed by Drew Hancock. Written by Drew Hancock. Starring Sophie Thatcher, Jack Quaid and Lukas Gage. Rated 6.9 on IMDB

28 Years Later (1 hr 55 min): Decades after a rage virus escaped a biological weapons laboratory, a group of survivors living on a small island under strict rules sends a young boy on a mission to the mainland. Horror, Sci-Fi, Thriller film released in 2025. Directed by Danny Boyle. Written by Alex Garland. Starring Jodie Comer, Aaron Taylor-Johnson and Ralph Fiennes. Rated 6.9 on IMDB

The Conjuring: Last Rites (2 hr 15 min): Paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren take on one last case involving the haunting of the Smurl family in Pennsylvania. Horror, Mystery, Thriller film released in 2025. Directed by Michael Chaves. Written by Ian Goldberg, Richard Naing and David Leslie Johnson-McGoldrick. Starring Vera Farmiga, Patrick Wilson and Mia Tomlinson. Rated 6.1 on IMDB

Materialists (1 hr 49 min): A young and ambitious New York City matchmaker finds herself torn between the perfect match and her imperfect ex. Comedy, Drama, Romance film released in 2025. Directed by Celine Song. Written by Celine Song. Starring Dakota Johnson, Chris Evans and Pedro Pascal. Rated 6.7 on IMDB

The Accountant 2 (2 hr 12 min): When an old acquaintance is murdered, Christian Wolff is compelled to solve the case and enlists the help of his estranged, highly lethal brother. Action, Crime, Drama film released in 2025. Directed by Gavin O'Connor. Written by Bill Dubuque. Starring Ben Affleck, Jon Bernthal and Cynthia Addai-Robinson. Rated 7.1 on IMDB

Warfare (1 hr 35 min): A platoon of Navy SEALs embedded in an Iraqi family's house in Ramadi in 2006 is ambushed during a surveillance mission, in a real-time account based on the memories of its veterans. Drama, War film released in 2025. Directed by Alex Garland and Ray Mendoza. Written by Alex Garland and Ray Mendoza. Starring D'Pharaoh Woon-A-Tai, Will Poulter and Cosmo Jarvis. Rated 7.0 on IMDB

The Naked Gun (1 hr 25 min): Lt. Frank Drebin Jr. is a bumbling detective who must take over the family business of fighting crime in Los Angeles when his legendary father's old cases resurface. Comedy, Crime film released in 2025. Directed by Akiva Schaffer. Written by Dan Gregor, Doug Mand and Akiva Schaffer. Starring Liam Neeson, Pamela Anderson and Paul Walter Hauser. Rated 6.4 on IMDB

One Battle After Another (2 hr 42 min): A washed-up revolutionary living in paranoid obscurity is forced back into action when his old nemesis resurfaces and his daughter goes missing. Action, Crime, Drama film released in 2025. Directed by Paul Thomas Anderson. Written by Paul Thomas Anderson. Starring Leonardo DiCaprio, Sean Penn and Benicio del Toro. Rated 7.7 on IMDB

Frankenstein (2 hr 29 min): A brilliant but egotistical scientist brings a creature to life in a monstrous experiment that ultimately leads to the undoing of both the creator and his tragic creation. Drama, Fantasy, Horror film released in 2025. Directed by Guillermo del Toro. Written by Guillermo del Toro. Starring Oscar Isaac, Jacob Elordi and Mia Goth. Rated 7.5 on IMDB

Avatar: Fire and Ash (3 hr 17 min): Jake Sully and Neytiri's family confront a new, aggressive Na'vi clan, the Ash People, as the conflict on Pandora escalates and the Sully family faces its greatest challenge yet. Action, Adventure, Fantasy film released in 2025. Directed by James Cameron. Written by James Cameron, Rick Jaffa, Amanda Silver, Josh Friedman and Shane Salerno. Starring Sam Worthington, Zoe Saldana and Sigourney Weaver. Rated 7.4 on IMDB

Zootopia 2 (1 hr 48 min): Detectives Judy Hopps and Nick Wilde find themselves on the twisting trail of a mysterious reptile who arrives in Zootopia and turns the mammal metropolis upside down. Animation, Adventure, Comedy film released in 2025. Directed by Jared Bush and Byron Howard. Written by Jared Bush. Starring Ginnifer Goodwin, Jason Bateman and Ke Huy Quan. Rated 7.5 on IMDB

Wicked: For Good (2 hr 17 min): As Glinda goes on to become a symbol of goodness, Elphaba, now an outcast, lives in exile and fights to prove the Wizard's true nature, as their friendship is put to its final test. Drama, Fantasy, Musical film released in 2025. Directed by Jon M. Chu. Written by Winnie Holzman and Dana Fox. Starring Cynthia Erivo, Ariana Grande and Jonathan Bailey. Rated 6.7 on IMDB

Chhaava (2 hr 41 min): The story of Chhatrapati Sambhaji Maharaj, the son of Shivaji, and his fierce resistance against the Mughal emperor Aurangzeb. Bollywood historical action, drama film released in 2025. Directed by Laxman Utekar. Written by Laxman Utekar, Rishi Virmani and Irshad Kamil. Starring Vicky Kaushal, Rashmika Mandanna and Akshaye Khanna. Rated 7.3 on IMDB

Saiyaara (2 hr 36 min): A troubled musician and a talented lyricist fall deeply in love, but their relationship is tested by their pasts and by fate. Bollywood romantic musical drama film released in 2025. Directed by Mohit Suri. Written by Sankalp Sadanah. Starring Ahaan Panday and Aneet Padda. Rated 6.4 on IMDB

Dhurandhar (3 hr 34 min): An Indian spy infiltrates a deadly criminal network in Karachi on a covert mission to dismantle the terror ecosystem threatening the country. Bollywood spy action, thriller film released in 2025. Directed by Aditya Dhar. Written by Aditya Dhar. Starring Ranveer Singh, Sanjay Dutt and Akshaye Khanna. Rated 8.0 on IMDB

Kantara: Chapter 1 (2 hr 48 min): A prequel set in the ancient Kadamba era that explores the origins of the divine legend and the guardian spirit traditions of the Kantara forest. Kannada action, adventure, fantasy film released in 2025. Directed by Rishab Shetty. Written by Anirudh Mahesh, Shanil Gautham and Rishab Shetty. Starring Rishab Shetty, Rukmini Vasanth and Jayaram. Rated 8.0 on IMDB

Coolie (2 hr 50 min): A former union leader at a harbour investigates the mysterious death of his friend, uncovering a smuggling syndicate headed by a ruthless crime boss. Tamil action, thriller film released in 2025. Directed by Lokesh Kanagaraj. Written by Lokesh Kanagaraj and Chandru Anbazhagan. Starring Rajinikanth, Nagarjuna and Soubin Shahir. Rated 6.5 on IMDB

Tourist Family (2 hr 8 min): A Sri Lankan family arrives illegally in Tamil Nadu in search of a better life and wins over their neighbours with their warmth and kindness. Tamil comedy, drama film released in 2025. Directed by Abishan Jeevinth. Written by Abishan Jeevinth. Starring Sasikumar, Simran and Mithun Jai Shankar. Rated 8.0 on IMDB

L2: Empuraan (2 hr 59 min): The sequel to Lucifer, in which Stephen Nedumpally's hidden empire and dangerous past come to light as the political and criminal underworld shifts around him. Malayalam action, thriller film released in 2025. Directed by Prithviraj Sukumaran. Written by Murali Gopy. Starring Mohanlal, Prithviraj Sukumaran and Tovino Thomas. Rated 6.4 on IMDB

Thug Life (2 hr 45 min): A gangster in Delhi takes a boy under his wing after a violent incident, and years later their bond is shattered by betrayal and ambition. Tamil action, crime, drama film released in 2025. Directed by Mani Ratnam. Written by Kamal Haasan and Mani Ratnam. Starring Kamal Haasan, Silambarasan and Trisha. Rated 4.6 on IMDB

Good Bad Ugly (2 hr 18 min): A retired gangster tries to escape his violent past and reunite with his family, but his old enemies are determined to drag him back in. Tamil action, comedy film released in 2025. Directed by Adhik Ravichandran. Written by Adhik Ravichandran. Starring Ajith Kumar, Trisha and Arjun Das. Rated 6.0 on IMDB

War 2 (2 hr 53 min): Kabir, a rogue Indian agent, faces off against a new adversary in a globe-trotting spy battle in the YRF Spy Universe. Bollywood action, spy, thriller film released in 2025. Directed by Ayan Mukerji. Written by Aditya Chopra and Shridhar Raghavan. Starring Hrithik Roshan, N. T. Rama Rao Jr. and Kiara Advani. Rated 5.3 on IMDB

Sitaare Zameen Par (2 hr 38 min): A disgraced basketball coach is ordered to train a team of players with intellectual disabilities, and learns lessons about life and humility along the way. Bollywood sports comedy, drama film released in 2025. Directed by R. S. Prasanna. Written by Divy Nidhi Sharma. Starring Aamir Khan, Genelia Deshmukh and Gopi Krishnan Varma. Rated 7.3 on IMDB

Retro (2 hr 28 min): A former gangster who has vowed to give up violence for love is pulled back into his old life when his past catches up with him. Tamil action, romance, drama film released in 2025. Directed by Karthik Subbaraj. Written by Karthik Subbaraj. Starring Suriya, Pooja Hegde and Jayaram. Rated 6.0 on IMDB

They Call Him OG (2 hr 34 min): A feared gangster who vanished years ago returns to Mumbai to take on a rival syndicate that threatens the people he once protected. Telugu action, crime film released in 2025. Directed by Sujeeth. Written by Sujeeth. Starring Pawan Kalyan, Emraan Hashmi and Priyanka Mohan. Rated 6.3 on IMDB

Dragon (2 hr 33 min): A college backbencher who cheats his way into a high-paying job sees his life unravel when his past catches up with him, forcing him to start over honestly. Tamil comedy, drama film released in 2025. Directed by Ashwath Marimuthu. Written by Ashwath Marimuthu. Starring Pradeep Ranganathan, Anupama Parameswaran and Kayadu Lohar. Rated 7.9 on IMDB

Thudarum (2 hr 46 min): A humble taxi driver in Kerala whose beloved old car is taken by the police finds his peaceful family life upended and is forced to confront a hidden dark side. Malayalam thriller, drama film released in 2025. Directed by Tharun Moorthy. Written by K. R. Sunil and Tharun Moorthy. Starring Mohanlal, Shobana and Prakash Varma. Rated 7.9 on IMDB

Lokah Chapter 1: Chandra (2 hr 25 min): A mysterious woman with extraordinary powers settles in Bengaluru and uncovers a hidden world of folklore-inspired beings living among ordinary people. Malayalam superhero, fantasy, action film released in 2025. Directed by Dominic Arun. Written by Dominic Arun and Santhy Balachandran. Starring Kalyani Priyadarshan, Naslen and Sandy. Rated 7.5 on IMDB